Hello everyone and welcome to your first linked list interview problem.
This is called singly linked list cycle check.
Here's the problem statement given a singly linked list.
Write a function which takes in the first note in a singly linked list and returns a boolean in the
Kidding of the linked list contains what's known as a cycle.
A cycle is on the nodes next point actually points back to a previous node in the list.
This is also sometimes known as a circularly linked list.
I mentioned this topic when we were implementing the doubly linked list in Python.
Here's what's going to happen.
You've been given a linked list node class code so you have a class Node value next node.
What I want you to do is fill out your solution below that is.
Here you have your function called Cycle check.
You should be able to take in a node and based on its attributes specifically the next node attribute
your function should return a boolean.
If this linked list contains a cycle meaning that a nodes next point actually points back to a previous
node in the list instead of a new node that has never been pointed to.
So that's a circularly linked list meaning you don't have a straight line but there's actually a loop
somewhere within your linked list and your job is to create a function which does that cycle check.
Once you filled out that solution function you can go out and test your solution by running this cell
.
What this cell does is it creates three notes creates a cycle.
Note here how we have see that next note equals a meaning we have a perfect loop here.
Then we also create a non-cyclists and then we just check to see if the cycle linked list is true in
the non-cyclists the list is false.
All right that's the problem.
Best of luck in the next lecture will go over the solution to it.
Thanks everyone